feat: eject from projen (#1459)
projen/projen: docs/eject.md

# Ejecting

> If you aren't satisfied with managing your project configuration with projen,
> you can `eject` at any time.

Reviewer: Judgement isn't needed :-)

```suggestion
To stop from using projen to manage your project configuration,
you can `eject` at any time and continue to manage your configuration manually.
```

Author: I was thinking of this sort of how a 5-star hotel might tell you "If you aren't totally satisfied with our service, we will gladly give you a complete refund" -- but I see what you mean about keeping things factual and to the point 👍
